README.md, before:

# 📈 Life Data

This repo contains data about my life. It's primarily powered by [Services](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services), my microservices for automating tasks, and is committed by [Finding Anand](https://github.com/FindingAnand), my bff bot.

## ⭐ Data points

| File | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [active-energy.yml](./active-energy.yml) | Active energy from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [basal-energy.yml](./basal-energy.yml) | Basal energy from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [books.yml](./books.yml) | Books read from [Goodreads](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/goodreads.ts) ([profile](https://goodreads.com/anandchowdhary)) |
| [development.yml](./development.yml) | Development hours from [Wakatime](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/wakatime.ts) ([profile](https://wakatime.com/@anandchowdhary)) |
| [distance.yml](./distance.yml) | Distance walked from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [emails.yml](./emails.yml) | Emails summary from [Gmail](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/gmail.ts) |
| [flights-climbed.yml](./flights-climbed.yml) | Flights climbed from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [heart-rate.yml](./heart-rate.yml) | Heart rate from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [instagram-highlights.json](./instagram-highlights.json) | Story highlights from [Instagram](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/instagram-highlights.ts) ([profile](https://www.instagram.com/anandchowdhary/)) |
| [location.json](./location.json) | Location data from [OwnTracks](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/owntracks.ts) |
| [podcast-history.yml](./podcast-history.yml) | Listening history from [Pocket Casts](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/pocket-casts.ts) |
| [podcasts.yml](./podcasts.yml) | Podcasts list from [Pocket Casts](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/pocket-casts.ts) |
| [sleep.yml](./sleep.yml) | Sleep hours from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [step-count.yml](./step-count.yml) | Step count from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [top-artists.yml](./top-artists.yml) | Top artists from [Spotify](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/spotify.ts) ([profile](https://open.spotify.com/user/12149514725)) |
| [top-tracks.yml](./top-tracks.yml) | Top tracks from [Spotify](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/spotify.ts) ([profile](https://open.spotify.com/user/12149514725)) |
| [wallet.md](./wallet.md) | Wallet contents (self-reported) |

## 📄 License

This data is not available under an open-source license. If you want to use this data, please get in touch with me.

Commit message:

:pencil: Add note about new repo to README

README.md, after:

# 📈 Life Data

This repo contains data about my life. It's primarily powered by [Services](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services), my microservices for automating tasks, and is committed by [Finding Anand](https://github.com/FindingAnand), my bff bot.

⚠️ **Deprecation note:** This is the old version of my life data repo, find the new one here: https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/life.

## 🧬 Get your own life data repo!

While building my new life data repo ([AnandChowdhary/life](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/life)), I built **[Stethoscope](https://github.com/stethoscope-js/stethoscope)**, an automated tool to track, visualize, and embed your life data.

## ⭐ Data points

| File | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| [active-energy.yml](./active-energy.yml) | Active energy from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [basal-energy.yml](./basal-energy.yml) | Basal energy from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [books.yml](./books.yml) | Books read from [Goodreads](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/goodreads.ts) ([profile](https://goodreads.com/anandchowdhary)) |
| [development.yml](./development.yml) | Development hours from [Wakatime](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/wakatime.ts) ([profile](https://wakatime.com/@anandchowdhary)) |
| [distance.yml](./distance.yml) | Distance walked from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [emails.yml](./emails.yml) | Emails summary from [Gmail](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/gmail.ts) |
| [flights-climbed.yml](./flights-climbed.yml) | Flights climbed from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [heart-rate.yml](./heart-rate.yml) | Heart rate from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [instagram-highlights.json](./instagram-highlights.json) | Story highlights from [Instagram](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/instagram-highlights.ts) ([profile](https://www.instagram.com/anandchowdhary/)) |
| [location.json](./location.json) | Location data from [OwnTracks](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/owntracks.ts) |
| [podcast-history.yml](./podcast-history.yml) | Listening history from [Pocket Casts](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/pocket-casts.ts) |
| [podcasts.yml](./podcasts.yml) | Podcasts list from [Pocket Casts](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/pocket-casts.ts) |
| [sleep.yml](./sleep.yml) | Sleep hours from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [step-count.yml](./step-count.yml) | Step count from [Yoga](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/yoga) |
| [top-artists.yml](./top-artists.yml) | Top artists from [Spotify](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/spotify.ts) ([profile](https://open.spotify.com/user/12149514725)) |
| [top-tracks.yml](./top-tracks.yml) | Top tracks from [Spotify](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/services/blob/master/api/spotify.ts) ([profile](https://open.spotify.com/user/12149514725)) |
| [wallet.md](./wallet.md) | Wallet contents (self-reported) |

## 📄 License

This data is not available under an open-source license. If you want to use this data, please get in touch with me.
